A couple more Bulk Passenger jobs for balance and diversity (#4854)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/paradise world jobs.txt

		dialog "You bid goodbye to the captain of the <npc> and accept your payment of <payment>."
		payment
		payment 50000

> # Brig bulk missions

Reviewer: Preserve the whitespace gaps between disparate mission types (you only have a single line of separation).

Author: Should be fixed now

	source
		attributes "frontier" "dirt belt" "south" "farming" "mining" "rim" "forest" "urban"
	destination
		distance 3 16
		attributes "paradise"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 10000 200
		dialog "You bid goodbye to the retirees, who were somewhat prone to spilling drinks or irritating you whilst attempting to do work. They were otherwise extremely polite and full of highly amusing, though often morally questionable, anecdotes. Once the last of their things have been safely unloaded your accounts receive the payment of <payment> from their travel broker."

mission "Wilderness Retreat Cohort to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "Bring <bunks> pseudo-celebrities and wealthy tourists to the wild and untamed world of <destination> for a 'Wilderness Retreat'. Payment is <payment>."
	passengers 10 4 .1
	to offer
		random < 15
		"passenger space" > 30
	on offer
		require "Luxury Accommodations"
	source
		attributes "urban" "near earth" "core" "paradise"
	destination
		attributes "frontier" "rim" "forest" "fishing"
		distance 6 20
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 25000 250

> 		dialog "Your passengers are met by an overly enthusiastic greeting service of comically overdressed 'wilderness guides'. You can't help but think these people are either about to end up on a popular relaity show, or be safely fleeced of their money, but they're not the sort of characters who engender much sympathy for such fates. One of the greeters quietly transfers you your payment of <payment>."

Reviewer: "reality"

Author: Oops, fixed.

		dialog "You bid goodbye to the captain of the <npc> and accept your payment of <payment>."
		payment
		payment 50000

> # Brig bulk missions

Reviewer 2: This comment suggests that the missions below should require a brig, but I don't see such requirement in the missions below. (I would be fine with not requiring a brig, but then change the comment here.)

Reviewer 3: Is the comment even necessary? There are no such comments elsewhere in the file other than what is also added by this PR.

> mission "Non-violent parolees to <planet>"

Reviewer 3: Ditto about replacements in the unique name.

	job
	repeat

> 	description `These <bunks> non-violent repeat offenders have accepted longer community service sentences that better use their skills in return for serving their time on a paradise world. Transport them to their new home to carry out their service. The payment is <payment>.`

Reviewer 3: Again, missing a `<destination>` replacement.

	passengers 20 100 .6
	to offer
		random < 15
		"passenger space" > 50
	source

> 		attributes "mining" "fishing" "textiles" "factory" "farming" "oil"

Reviewer 2: Some of those attributes can also appear on "arach" worlds (and maybe also other alien worlds). I don't know if it is intended to also offer there (and other missions already in the game could have the same issue).

Author: While you're correct, with the possible exception of the Hai worlds (?) I doubt very much that they could offer on the alien worlds on account of a paradise world not being within the allowed jump distance (there being no actual hyperdrive compatible lane connecting them to human space).

	destination
		distance 2 18
		attributes "paradise"
	on visit

> 		dialog phrase "generic missing stopover or passengers"

Reviewer 3: Missing stopover? This mission has no stopover.

	on complete
		payment 10000

> 		dialog "The passengers shuffle unhappily out of the ship under the watchful eye of a local security force as they prepare to repay their debts to society. A clerk on <origin> checks their condition as they're led off. He seems mostly pleased and hands you your payment of <payment>."

Reviewer 2: Is the clerk on <origin> (the planet where the mission was offered) or on <planet> (the planet where the transport ends)?

> 		dialog "The passengers shuffle unhappily out of the ship under the watchful eye of a local security force as they prepare to repay their debts to society. A clerk on <origin> checks their condition as they're led off. He seems mostly pleased and hands you your payment of <payment>."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		dialog "The passengers shuffle unhappily out of the ship under the watchful eye of a local security force as they prepare to repay their debts to society. A clerk on <planet> checks their condition as they're led off. He seems mostly pleased and hands you your payment of <payment>."
```

> mission "Debtors to <planet>"

Reviewer 3: As mentioned elsewhere, replacements are not to be used in the unique name of the mission. Create a `name` line with this name, then give the mission a different unique name.

	job
	repeat

> 	description `These <bunks> poor souls have bankrupted themselves attempting to live beyond their means on <origin>. Due to their general incompetence, and media scrutiny on the issue, the government will pay you <payment> to assist in deporting them to somewhere they can make something useful of themselves.`

Reviewer 3: Again, missing a `<destination>` filter.

	passengers 20 100 .6
	to offer
		random < 15
		"passenger space" > 50
	source
		attributes "paradise"
	destination
		distance 2 30
		attributes "mining" "fishing" "forest" "textiles" "factory" "farming" "oil" "frontier" "dirt belt" "south" "rim"
	on visit

> 		dialog phrase "generic missing stopover or passengers"

Reviewer 3: Ditto about using the stopover phrase with no stopover.

	on complete
		payment 10000
		dialog "The passengers shuffle unhappily out of the ship under the watchful eye of immigration officials. A grinning job service provider is on hand to pay you the <payment> you are owed."

# Luxury Accomodation bulk missions

> mission "Wealthy Retirees to <planet>"

Reviewer 3: Ditto about replacements in the unique name.

	job
	repeat
	description "This coterie of <bunks> wealthy retirees is willing to pay <payment> to be transported in style to <destination>, along with <tons> of their most treasured possessions."
	passengers 7 12 .6
	cargo "treasured possessions" 7 12 .2
	to offer
		random < 15
		"passenger space" > 30
		"cargo space" > 120
	on offer
		require "Luxury Accommodations"
	source
		attributes "frontier" "dirt belt" "south" "farming" "mining" "rim" "forest" "urban"
	destination
		distance 3 16
		attributes "paradise"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 10000 200

> 		dialog "You bid goodbye to the retirees, who were somewhat prone to spilling drinks or irritating you whilst attempting to do work. They were otherwise extremely polite and full of highly amusing, though often morally questionable, anecdotes. Once the last of their things have been safely unloaded your accounts receive the payment of <payment> from their travel broker."

Reviewer 2: I think "their belongings" sounds better than "their things".

Reviewer 2: And most of the game refers to "account" in non-plural.

> mission "Wilderness Retreat Cohort to <planet>"

Reviewer 3: Ditto about replacements in the unique name.

	job
	repeat

> 	description "Bring <bunks> pseudo-celebrities and wealthy tourists to the wild and untamed world of <destination> for a 'Wilderness Retreat'. Payment is <payment>."

Reviewer 3: Pseudo-celebrities? Is that what they call them kids on the tick tocks these days? 
```suggestion
	description `Bring <bunks> pseudo-celebrities and wealthy tourists to the wild and untamed world of <destination> for a "Wilderness Retreat." Payment is <payment>.`
```

	passengers 10 4 .1
	to offer
		random < 15
		"passenger space" > 30
	on offer
		require "Luxury Accommodations"
	source
		attributes "urban" "near earth" "core" "paradise"
	destination
		attributes "frontier" "rim" "forest" "fishing"
		distance 6 20
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 25000 250

> 		dialog "Your passengers are met by an overly enthusiastic greeting service of comically overdressed 'wilderness guides'. You can't help but think these people are either about to end up on a popular reality show, or be safely fleeced of their money, but they're not the sort of characters who engender much sympathy for such fates. One of the greeters quietly transfers you your payment of <payment>."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		dialog `Your passengers are met by an overly enthusiastic greeting service of comically overdressed "wilderness guides." You can't help but think these people are either about to end up on a popular reality show, or be safely fleeced of their money, but they're not the sort of characters who engender much sympathy for such fates. One of the greeters quietly transfers to you your payment of <payment>.`
```
